New logic: Automatic Passenger Deletion (#347)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

NoManualMove=no        ; boolean
```

### Automatic Passenger Deletion

- Transports with these tags will erase the passengers overtime. Bigger units takes more time. Optionally this logic can work like a grinder.
 - Good combination with Ares Abductor logic.

In `rulesmd.ini`:
```ini
[SOMETECHNO]                            ; TechnoType

> PassengerDeletion.Countdown=0           ; integer, game frames
> PassengerDeletion.Soylent=no            ; boolean
> PassengerDeletion.SoylentFriendlies=no  ; boolean
> PassengerDeletion.SizeDependence=yes    ; boolean. Final countdown is done multiplying the Unit size
> PassengerDeletion.Report=               ; sound

Reviewer: See tag name suggestions.
```suggestion
PassengerDeletion.Rate=                 ; integer, game frames
PassengerDeletion.Rate.SizeMultiply=yes ; boolean, whether to multiply frames amount by size
PassengerDeletion.Soylent=no            ; boolean
PassengerDeletion.SoylentFriendlies=no  ; boolean
PassengerDeletion.ReportSound=          ; sound
```
